feat: support `server.base` configuration (#3542)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/config/server/base.mdx

# server.base

- **Type:** `string`
- **Default:** `/`

`server.base` is used to configure the [base path](/guide/basic/server#base-path) of the server.

### Example

By default, the base path of the server is `/`, and users can access `index.html` through http://localhost:3000.

> When we want to access `index.html` through http://localhost:3000/foo, we can modify `server.base` to `/foo`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to access `index.html` through `http://localhost:3000/foo`, you can change `server.base` to `/foo`.
```

> If you want to access `index.html` through `http://localhost:3000/foo`, you can change `server.base` to `/foo`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to access `index.html` through `http://localhost:3000/foo/`, you can change `server.base` to `/foo`.
```

```ts
export default {
  server: {
    base: '/foo',
  },
};
```

### The URL prefix of static assets

> By default, [dev.assetPrefix](/config/dev/asset-prefix) and [output.assetPrefix](/config/output/asset-prefix) will read the value of `server.base` as the default value of `assetPrefix`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, [dev.assetPrefix](/config/dev/asset-prefix) and [output.assetPrefix](/config/output/asset-prefix) will read the value of `server.base` as the default value.
```

When `server.base` is `/foo`, the default resource URL loaded in the browser is as follows:

```html
<script defer src="/foo/static/js/index.js"></script>
```

> Then, `index.html` and static asset outputs can be accessed through http://localhost:3000/foo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, `index.html` and static asset outputs can be accessed through `http://localhost:3000/foo/`.
```

> If you do not wish to use this default behavior, you can override it by explicitly setting `dev.assetPrefix` / `output.assetPrefix` :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not want to use this default behavior, you can override it by explicitly setting `dev.assetPrefix` / `output.assetPrefix` :
```
